# Bright Cofee Shop 
# INTRODUCTION
Bright Coffee shop has provided a large dataset of its sales that shows the daily transactions of the company.
The coffee shop currently operates in three dififferent locations Astoria, Hell's Kitchen and Lower Manhattan.
With a variety of 80 products and 149 116 number of sales.
The purpose of the analysis is to extract and process the data  to gain insights on the coffee shop's financial performance and optimal operation.
# PROBLEM STATEMENT
The coffee shop has not been operating at its optimal in the 6 months (January-June 2023).
This has resulted in a new CEO being appointed in efforts to improve the shops performance.
Currently, the financial data available is too Big in nature, making it a challenge for the new CEO to quickly assess the shops financial perfomance,
identify opportunities and risks.

Therefore, the CEO has requested the team to conduct a comprehensive deep dive on the companies sales.
This is to help the CEO gain a deeper understanding of the shops financial position and understand how much each location is performing.

# AIMS AND OBJECTIVES
To design a comprehensive assessment on the shops performance over the last 6 months.
The following steps were taken to provide a meaningful analysis:
Data inspection to check if there are any ,errors, type of data and empty spaces within the data.
Data planning to thouroughly plan how to excecute each step and how to use the data.

# METHODOLOGY
In the analysis the folowing were analysed
Sales:
*Regional sales by location and time buckets.
*Monthly sales generated by each store.
Revenue:
Revenue by store and time bucket.
Monthly revenue by location/stores.
*Percentage contribution by location and time buckets.
Percentage of revenue by product category.
Revenue by store and product category.
Average transactions:
*Average transaction value by store and time.

# Tools utilised to implement the project:
Miro: Data Planning
Snowflake: Data processing using SQL.
Microsoft Excel: Constructing charts and Graphs.
PowerBI: 
Google Looker: Generatingd escriptive report
PowerPoint and Canvas: Presentation slides

# Summary of Findings
The result of the analysis are as follows:
